implement custom tectonic settings (#138)
showyourwork/showyourwork: docs/config.rst

    show_git_sha_or_tag: true

.. _config.tectonic_args:

``tectonic_args``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Type:** ``list``

**Description:** A list of additional command-line options to be passed directly to
``tectonic`` when building the manuscript.

**Default:** ``[]``

**Required:** no

**Example:**

.. code-block:: yaml

  tectonic_args: ["-Z", "shell-escape"]

to enable TeX shell escape functionality (allows the script to run

> arbitrary commands within TeX; be carefult as this could be a security hazard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arbitrary commands within TeX; be careful as this could be a security hazard).
This is required to use the ``minted`` package for syntax highlighting of code
snippets.
```
